Restructuring (#13)
City-of-Helsinki/bestpractice: README.md

# Best practices for developing for City of Helsinki

> This documentation covers the practical details for developing open source code for the City of Helsinki. The target audience is software development consultants working in Helsinki projects as well as Helsinki software development staff. This documentation is produced jointly by the software developers of the Executive Office and the citys divisions. Not all practices stated here will apply to all projects within the city but these are intended as general outlines of best practices. If you wish to contribute, please make a pull request in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/bestpractice).

Reviewer: - also, people making contributions to City of Helsinki software (see CONTRIBUTING.md in other repositories)
- contribution guidelines could be put into a separate CONTRIBUTING.md (template at https://helsinkisolutionoffice.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DD/pages/753772/Documentation+practices)

> This documentation covers the practical details for developing open source code for the City of Helsinki. The target audience is software development consultants working in Helsinki projects as well as Helsinki software development staff. This documentation is produced jointly by the software developers of the Executive Office and the citys divisions. Not all practices stated here will apply to all projects within the city but these are intended as general outlines of best practices. If you wish to contribute, please make a pull request in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/bestpractice).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation covers the practical details for developing open source code for the City of Helsinki. The target audience is software development consultants working for Helsinki codebases, Helsinki software development staff, and people offering contributions to Helsinki software. This documentation is produced jointly by the software developers of the Executive Office and the divisions of the city. Not all practices stated here will apply to all projects within the city but these are intended as general outlines of best practices. If you wish to contribute, please make a pull request in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/bestpractice).
```
